Update Recent Activity (#2371)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/administration/recent_activity/recent_activity.md

    Do not assign `activity_log/read` permission to the Anonymous role, even with the owner limitation, because this role is shared among all unauthenticated users.

## User privacy

> When acting through HTTP, User's login name and IP are logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When acting through HTTP, User's login name and IP address are logged.
```
If HTTPS, the login name may not be available but the IP will still be logged, won't it? It should perhaps be made more clear what is meant here.

Author: It's the Ibexa DXP current user login name. It could be `anonymous`. HTTPS shouldn't mask it.

```suggestion
The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through HTTP, User's IP is also logged.
```

> Your Date Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Data Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this.
```

Reviewer: I might like to add:
```suggestion
Your Data Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this, so they can ensure users are informed if needed, depending on your use case, jurisdiction, and company policy.
```

For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available on front office,
the recent activity log records the front user IPs.

> 

Reviewer: I would like a caution box for this, I think. It's rather important.

> 

Author: Done, see https://ez-systems-developer-documentation--2371.com.readthedocs.build/en/2371/administration/recent_activity/recent_activity/#user-privacy

    Do not assign `activity_log/read` permission to the Anonymous role, even with the owner limitation, because this role is shared among all unauthenticated users.

## User privacy

!!! caution

>     The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through HTTP, User's IP is also logged.
>     Your Data Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this, so they can ensure users are informed if needed, depending on your use case, jurisdiction, and company policy.
> 
>     For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available on front office,
> the recent activity log records the front user IPs.

Author: ```suggestion
    The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through HTTP, User's IP is also logged.
    Your Data Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this,
    so they can ensure users are informed if needed, depending on your use case, jurisdiction, and company policy.

    For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available on front office,
    the recent activity log records the front user IPs.
```

    Do not assign `activity_log/read` permission to the Anonymous role, even with the owner limitation, because this role is shared among all unauthenticated users.

## User privacy

!!! caution

>     The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through HTTP, User's IP is also logged.

Reviewer: This should probably clarify what is meant by HTTP here. HTTPS does not shield IP addresses, so is this about using a frontend through a browser directly, vs. using an app through the API? Won't the API log IPs?

Or is it only console commands that won't log IP, like in the migration example? That would make sense.

Author: @glye 
There is an IP as soon as you go through the web server. There is no IP when you act from server host shell (such as what you cited, migration, or any console command).

Event if you are connected to the host server through SSH over Internet, and got an IP associated to your shell session, this IP is not logged.

Reviewer: Right, as I hoped. Could you clarify this, please? Maybe:
```suggestion
    The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through the web server, the User's IP address is also logged. Other access, such as console commands, does not log an IP.
```

Author: Just https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-contractions
```suggestion
    The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through the web server, the User's IP address is also logged. Other access, such as console commands, doesn't log an IP.
```

>     The username of the User performing the action is logged. When acting through the web server, the User's IP address is also logged. Other access, such as console commands, doesn't log an IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A username of the User who performs the action is logged.
    When acting through the web server, the User's IP address is also logged.
    Other access, such as console commands, doesn't log an IP.
```

    Your Data Protection Officer or GDPR representative should be aware of this,
    so they can ensure users are informed if needed, depending on your use case, jurisdiction, and company policy.

    For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available on front office,
    the recent activity log records the front user IPs.

> 

Author: Done in 0e0ee35d48e0eb88f80366b9ec4f5dd1960d2179

>     For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available on front office,
>     the recent activity log records the front user IPs.

Author: Not sure about the back quote. @dabrt Is it an error or a [possessive](https://www.ef.com/wwen/english-resources/english-grammar/forming-possessive/)?
```suggestion
    For example, if a content edition feature, such as reader's comments, is available in the front office,
    the recent activity log records the front users' IPs.
```
